Package: celestial.Kepler

apsides_precession - First order estimation of the GR precession of the line of apsides Package: celestial.Kepler Description: First order estimation of the GR precession of the line of apsides.

dnu_dt - Calculate dnu/dt and dr/dt for elliptical orbit Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Calculate dnu/dt and dr/dt for elliptical orbit using the Kepler Equation.

eccentric2true_anomaly - Convert Eccentric anomaly to true anomaly Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Convert Eccentric anomaly to true anomaly.

elements2position - Convert orbital elements and date to position and velocity vectors. Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Convert orbital elements and date to position vector and velocity vector at a give epoch.

elements_1950to2000 - B1950.0 FK4 orbital elements to J2000.0 FK5 Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Convert solar system orbital elements given in the B1950.0 FK4 reference frame to the J2000.0 FK5 reference frame.

gauss_grav_const - Gaussian gravitational constant for a system Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Get the analog of the Gaussian gravitational constant for a system with a given primary mass, secondary mass and

kepler3law - Kepler 3rd law Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Calculate the velocity, semi-major axis and period of a system using the Kepler third law.

kepler_elliptic - Solve Kepler equation for elliptic orbit Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Solve Kepler equation (M = E - e sin E) and find the true anomaly and radius vector for elliptical orbit (i.e., 0<=e<1).

kepler_elliptic_fast - Solve Kepler equatin (fast version) Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Fast solver for the Kepler equation for elliptic orbit. This is a simpler version of kepler_elliptic.m

kepler_hyperbolic - SOlve Kepler equation for hyperpolic orbit Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Solve Kepler equation (M = e sinh H - H) and find the true anomaly and radius vector for hyperbolic orbit (i.e., e>1).

kepler_lowecc - A low eccentricity serise solution for the Kepler equation Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Solve the Kepler Equation for low eccentricity using a series approximation. This is typically better than 1"

kepler_parabolic - Solve the Kepler equation for Parabolic orbit Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Solve Kepler equation (M = E - e sin E) and find the true anomaly (related to the eccentric anomaly, E) and radius

position2elements - Convert position/velocity vectors to orbital elements. Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Convert date, position vector and velocity vector at a give ephoch to orbital elements at the same epoch.

thiele_innes - Calculate the Thiele-Innes orbital elements Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Calculate the Thiele-Innes orbital elements.

thiele_innes2el - Thiele-Innes to orbital elements Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Calculate the orbital elements from the Thiele-Innes orbital elements.

true2eccentric_anomaly - True anomaly to eccentric anomaly Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Convert true anomaly to eccentric anomaly for elliptic orbit.

trueanom2pos - True anomaly, radius vector and orbital elements to cartezian position Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Given an object true anomaly, radius vector, time and orbital elements and time, calculate its orbital position

trueanom2vel - True anomaly, radius vector and orbital elements to position and velocity Package: celestial.Kepler Description: Given an object true anomaly, radius vector, their derivatives and orbital elements and time, calculate its

