Package: celestial.time

date2jd - Convert Julian/Gregorian date to Julian Day Package: @Time Description: Convert Julian/Gregorian date to Julian Day.

date_str2vec - date_str2vec function                                            General Description: Convert a string or a cell array of string containing date and time in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.frac'

days_in_month - Return the number of days in month Package: @Time, adapted from +celestial.time Description: Calculate the number of days in a given Gregorian or Julian month.

delta_t - Return \Delta{T} Package: celestial.time Description: Return \Delta{T} at a vector of Julian days. DeltaT is defined as ET-UT prior to 1984, and

easter_date - Calculate the date of Easter Package: celestial.time Description: Calculate the date of Easter for any Gregorian year.

get_atime - Get current time, date, JD and LST. Package: celestial.time Description: Get current time, date, JD and LST.

jd2date - Convert Julian days to Gregorian/Julian date Package: @Time Description: Convert Julian days to Gregorian/Julian date.

jd2mjd - Convert JD to MJD Package: celestial.time Description: Convert JD to MJD. See also: convert.time

jd2year - Convert JD to year Package: celestial.time Description: Convert Julian day to Julian or Besselian years. OBSOLETE: Use convert.time instead.

julday - Convert Julian/Gregorain date to JD Package: celestial.time Description: Convert Julian/Gregorian date to Julian Day. OBSOLETE: Use convert.date2jd instead.

julday1 - Convert Gregorian date in the range 1901 to 2099 to JD Package: celestial.time Description: Convert Gregorian date in the range 1901 to 2099 to Julian days (see also: julday.m).

lst - Local Sidereal Time Package: celestial.time Description: Local Sidereal Time, (mean or apparent), for vector of JDs and a given East Longitude.

mjd2jd - Convert MJD to JD Package: celestial.time Description: Convert MJD to JD. See also: convert.time

month_name - Convert month number to name Package: celestial.time Description: Given a month number return a string with a month name.

str2date - Convert a date string (usinf datevec) to date vector

tai_utc - Get TAI-UTC (leap second) Package: celestial.time Description: Return the TAI-UTC time difference (leap second) for a vector of Julian days. Also return TT-UTC.

tdb_tdt - Approximate TDB-TT Package: celestial.time Description: Calculate approximate difference between TDT and TDB time scales.

ut1_utc - Return UT1-UTC (DUT1) Package: celestial.time Description: Return UT1-UTC (also known as DUT1).

wget_eop - Read or get the Earth orientation parameters file from IERS Package: celestial.time Description: Get the table of historical and predicted Earth orientation parameters (EOP) from the IERS web site.

wget_tai_utc - Get TAI-UTC from file or IERS website Package: celestial.time Description: Get the table of historical TAI-UTC time differences (leap second) from the IERS web site.

year2jd - Convert year to JD Package: celestial.time Description: Return the Julian day at Jan 1 st of a given list of years. See also: convert.time instead.

