Package: io.files

catfile - Concatenate files into a single file. Package: Util.files Description: Concatenate files into a single file. Add a carriage return at the end of each Concatenated file.

copy_files_from_dirtree - Copy or movde all files recursively in a directory tree. Package: Util.files Description: Given a location (or the present working directory), look for all files in the subdirectories and copy them to the main directory.

create_list - Create a file and a ell array containing a list of files. Package: io.files Description: Create a file and a cell array containing a list of files. The list is created from a cell array, or file name with wildcards.

delete_cell - Delete a list of files listed in a cell array. Package: Util.files Description: Delete a list of files listed in a cell array.

dir_cell - dir like command for a cell of file names. Package: Util.files Description: dir like command for a cell of file names.

file2str - Read the content of a file into a string or cell vector. Package: Util.IO Description: Read the content of a file into a string or cell vector (line per element).

filelist - Generate a cell array array of files list from file name/regular expression Package: @imUtil.util

files_arrived - Check if all files in a list arrived to disk (i.e., size not increasing). Package: io.files Description: Check if all files in a list arrived to disk. This is done by checking that the file size does not increase with time.

files_by_date - Select files by date Package: Util.files

for_each_file - Execute a function on a list of files. Package: Util.files Description: Given a file name containing list of files, load each file into a matrix and execute a function with the loaded matrix as a paramter.

fpf - Easy to use fprintf, with automatic formatting. Package: Util.IO Description: Easy to use fprintf, with automatic formatting. This function is similar to fprintf, but (i) open and close the file automaticaly; (ii) in case that format string

fprintf_cell - An fprintf command for a cell vector. Package: Util.IO Description: An fprintf command for a cell vector.

gunzip - Execute gunzip on files, or a cell array of files Package: AstroUtil.files Description: Execute the gunzip system command (file uncompression) on files, or a list of files.

gzip - Execute gzip on files, or a cell array of files Package: AstroUtil.files Description: Execute the gzip system command (file compression) on files, or a list of files.

ini2struct - Author: Andriy Nych ( nych.andriy@gmail.com ) Version:        733341.4155741782200

inifile - INIFILE Creates, reads, or writes data from/to a standard ini (ascii) file. Such a file is organized into sections ([section name]), subsections(enclosed by {subsection name}), and keys (key=value).  Empty lines and lines with the first non-empty character being ; (comment lines) are ignored.

list_fun_in_package - Find all functions in a matlab package. Package: Util.files Description: Find all functions in a matlab package.

load2 - Load a mat file into a variable Package: Util.IO Description: load a mat file containing a single variable to a variable name (rather than a structure, like load.m). If multiple variables are returned then will behave like

load_check - Load, but check if variable exist in workspace. Package: Util.IO Description: Load a matlab variable or file from disk (similar to the load.m command). However, before the variable is loaded the function checks if the variable with name identical to the

load_from_zip - Extract and load files from a zip file. Package: Util.IO Description: Extract and load files from a zip file.

loadh - Load a matrix from HDF5 file. Package: Util.IO Description: Load a matrix from HDF5 file. If dataset name is not provided than will read all datasets into a structure. This function doesn't support

mgrep - grep-like utility for MATLAB. Search for substrings in a text file. Package: Util.files Description: grep-like utility for MATLAB. Search for substrings in a text file.

rdir - recursive dir function Package: Util.IO Description: run the dir function recursively on a tree of directories looking for specific files.

read_delimted_head - Read delimited file with header Package: Util.IO Description: Read a delimited table in which one of the first lines is the header of the delimited table. The program returns a cell array in which each cell is a column in the table

read_formatted - Read text with column position format. Package: Util.IO Description: Read text/data file with constant format (i.e., columns at specfied locations). The start and end column for each entry should be specified.

read_user_pass_file - Read user/password from file Package: Util.files Description: Read user/password from file

saveh - Save a matrix into HDF5 file. Package: Util.IO Description: Save a matrix into HDF5 file. If file exist then will add it as a new dataset to the same file. This is becoming faster than matlab (2014a) for matices with

superdir - A 'dir'-like function that can deal with more types of wild cards Package: io.files Description: A version of the matlab 'dir' function that can deal with more sophisticated types of wild cards.

wc - Apply the Unix wc (word count) command for a file name. Package: Util.files Description: Apply the Unix wc (word count) command for a file name in the current directory.

wcl - Count the number of lines in a file. Package: Util.files Description: Count the number of lines in a file.

which_dir - Return the directory in which a matlab program resides. Package: Util.files Description: Return the directory in which a matlab program resides. This program is a version of "which.m" that trim the program name from the full path.

