Package: telescope.Optics

airy - Calculate the monochromatic Airy function (circular diffraction) Package: telescope.Optics Description: Calculate the theoretical diffraction pattern for a perfect circular aperture.

noll_index - Return the Zernike index from the Noll index. Package: telescope.Optics Description: Calculate the Zernike indices given the Noll index and visa versa.

phase_complex - Return the phase of complex numbers. Package: telescope.Optics Description: Given an N-D array of complex numbers, return the phase of each complex number

refraction_index - Return the refraction index as a function of wavelength Package: telescope.Optics Description: Return the refraction index as a function of wavelength for various materials.

telescope_support - Construct an image of a telescope entrance pupil (support). Package: telescope.Optics Description: Construct an image of a telescope entrance pupil (support). For example, a clear circular pupil.

wavefront2image - Construct an image from the wavefront Package: telescope.Optics Description: Construct a wavefront from a matrix representation of the wavefront, and calculate the image plane of a point source

zer_cj_variance - The expectency of std of the atmospheric Zernike coefficients. Package: telescope.Optics Description: Return the expectency of standard deviation of the atmospheric Zernike c_j coefficients.

zernike_xy - A driver function for the external zerfun.m function. Package: telescope.Optics Description: A driver function for the external zerfun.m function. Given a list of zernike indices and a grid in the X-Y plan

zerwavefront2image - Wavefront from Zernike polynomials and calculate the image plane. Package: telescope.Optics Description: Construct a wavefront using Zernike polynomials, and calculate the image plane of a point source with a

zerwavefront2image_indiv - Wavefront from individual Zernike polynomials and calculate the image. Package: telescope.Optics Description: Construct a wavefront using Zernike polynomials, and calculate the image plane of a point source with a

