Package: timeseries

arp - Fit autoregression model for evently spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the autoregessive process of order p. Moddeling an evenly spaced time series, z(t), with:

bin_by_eye - Bin data by define bins interactively Package: timeseries Description: Bin light curve by eye. The function plots the light curve and let the user to define bins using the mouse.

binning - Binning function. Calculate various functions in data bins. Package: timeseries Description: Binning a timeseries. In each bin, calculate various functions (e.g., mean) or

binning_adaptive - Construct list of edges for binning, given some bin size criteria Package: timeseries Description:

binning_npt - Binning a time series by equal number of sucssesive points Package: timeseries Description: Binning a time series by equal number of sucssesive points

binning_old - The old version of the binning function. Use binning instead. Package: timeseries Description: Binning a timeseries using equally spaced bins. In each bin, calculate the mean, median, std,

calib_flux_lsq - Best fit zeropoints and mean magnitudes to a matrix of magnitudes. Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the best fit photometric zero point (ZP) per image and mean magnitude per source to a set of instrumental

calib_flux_sum - Normalize (calibrate) a matrix of fluxes using sum of flux in each epoch. Package: timeseries Description: Normalize (calibrate) a matrix of fluxes (Stars, Epochs) using sum of flux in each epoch.

ccf - ccf function                                                      timeseries Description: Discrete cross-correlation function for two sets of unequaly spaced stationary time series.

ccf1 - ccf1 function                                                 timeseries Description:

ccf_fft - Cross correlation function of evenly spaced data using fft Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the normalized cross correlation function of two evenly spaced timeseries using fft.

ccf_old - Cross coorelation between two equally spaced series Package: timeseries Description: Cross correlation function for two sets of equally spaced time series.

cosbell - Cosine bell function (Obsolete: use timeseries.taper instead) Package: timeseries Description: cosine bell function Generating cosine bell function in the range

dcf - ccf function                                                  timeseries Description: Discrete cross-correlation function and structure function for two sets of unequaly spaced stationary

dcf1 - dcf1 function                                                 timeseries Description:

extract_phase - Extract observations take at some phase range Package: timeseries Description: Given a time series, extract observation made in a given phases range. The phase and epoch is defined by the user.

fitPolyHyp - Hypothesis testing between fitting polynomials of various degrees to a matrix of light curves (with unknown errors).

fit_polys_deltachi2 - Fit polynomials of various orders to a time series and calculate chi^2 Package: timeseries Description: Fit polynomials of various orders to a time series and calculate chi^2 and rms for each polynomial fit.

fmaxs - fmaxs function                                                    timeseries Description: Given a matrix, find local maxima (in one of the columns) and return the maxima position and height.

folding - Folding a timeseries by some period Package: timeseries Description: Folding a time series into a period, and calculate the phase for each data point in the time series.

folding_solarsys - Folding a timeseries for a solar system object Package: timeseries Description: Folding a time series of a solar system object into a period, and calculate the phase for each data point in

glsper_4github - Calculates The generalized Lomb-Scargle periodogram (Zechmeister 2009). Package: +timeseries Description: Calculates The generalized Lomb-Scargle periodogram (Zechmeister 2009).

hjd - hjd function                                                  timeseries Description: Convert Julian Day (UTC) to Helicentric/Barycentric Julian Day for geocentric observer.

matched_filter - Matched filter for 1-D time series Package: timeseries Description: Run a matched filter (North filter) for a 1-D series and return the possible peaks (signal) above a given threshold.

mean_plweighted - Power-law weighted mean of a time series. Package: timeseries Description:

minclp - minclp function                                                   timeseries Description: Search for periodicity in a time series, using the minimum-curve-length method. The program calculates the

pdm - Periodicity search using period dispersion minimization Package: timeseries Description: Periodicity search using phase dispersion minimization. The time series is folded into trail frequencies, and in

pdm_phot - pdm_phot function    Phase Dispersion Minimization to Photon arrival time data.

period - Periodicity search in a non-equally spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Periodicy search in a time series. This function can be used to run different types of periodicity searches and

period_complex - Fourier transform of non equally spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the complex fourier transform of an unevenly spaced time series.

period_consistent - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: timeseries Description:

period_events - - period_events function                                           timeseries Description: Search for periodicity in a list of "time tagged" events. The search is done by folding the events

period_fft - Power spectrum of evenly spaced time series using fft Package: timeseries Description: Calculate power spectrum for evenly spaced time series using fast Fourier transform.

period_fitfourier - Fit a Fourier series to a time series Package: timeseries Description: Fit a polynomial and fourier series as a function of frequency to a time series.

period_mi - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: timeseries Description:

period_min_curve_length - Periodicity search using minimum curve length Package: timeseries Description: Search for periodicity in a time series, using the minimum-curve-length method. The program calculates the

period_norm - Normalized power spectrum of non equally spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the normalized normal power spectrum of a times series. See period.m for a more flexiable function.

period_norm_bootstrap - Run bootstrap normal pertiodogram on a light curve. Package: timeseries Description:

period_norm_order2 - 2nd order harmonic power spectrum of non evenly spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the normalized power spectrum of the second order of a times series (i.e., assuming that the first and second

period_norm_solarsys - Normalized power spectrum for a Solar System object Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the normalized normal power spectrum of a times series for a solar system object orbiting the Sun. Taking

period_normnl - Normzlied power spectrum using no loops (may be faster in some cases) Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the classical (Lomb) power spectrum of a time series using no loops.

period_np - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: timeseries Description:

period_pdm - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: timeseries Description:

period_plot - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: timeseries Description:

period_proper - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: timeseries Description:

period_scargle - Scargle power spectrum of non equally spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the un-normalized Scargle power spectrum of a times series. See period.m for a more flexiable function.

period_scarglenl - Scargle power spectrum of non equally spaced time series / no loops Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the un-normalized Scargle power spectrum of a times series using no loops.

periodia - Classical power spectrum of non-evenly space time series (OBSOLETE) Package: timeseries Description: Classical power-spectrum of a non-evenly spaced time series. The power spectrum is normalized by the variance of the data.

periodis - Scargle periodogram. OBSOLETE: Use period.m instead. Package: timeseries Description: Lomb-Scargle periodigram. Calculate the Lomb-Scargle power spectrum for a time series.

periodit - Calculate the periodogram as a function of time (will be removed) Package: timeseries Description: Calculate periodogram as function of time. This script can be used for searchnig for long term varibility in

periodmulti_norm - Simultanous power spectrum of time series with common times Package: timeseries periodmulti_norm function                                     timeseries Description: Calculate the normal power spectrum of a set of multiple

perioent - Periodogram using information entropy Package: timeseries Description: Periodogram using information entropy. For each trail period, the phase-magnitude space is divided into m by m

phot_event_me - phot_event_me function     Searching periodicity in time-tagged events using information entropy. For each trail period, the phase-magnitude space

plot_inspect_lc - plot and inspect light curve and power spectrum Package: timeseries Description:

plot_period_folder - plot_period_folder function                                       timeseries Description: Given the power spectrum and light curve, let the user to interactively select peaks in the power spectrum, and

polysubs - Fit and subtract polynomials from a timeseries [T,Y]. Package: timeseris Description: Subtract polynomial from a data set (no errors).

ps_whitening - ps_whitening function                                         timeseries Description: Whiten a time series using its power spectrum. I.e., ifft(fft(x)./abs(fft(x)))/

random_time_sequence - Generate random times for an astronomical time series. Package: timeseries Description: Generate random times for an astronomical time series, including daily and annual gaps.

resample_uniform - Uniform resampling of a non-evenly spaced time series. Package: timeseries Description: Uniform resampling of a non-evenly spaced time series.

rmsflux_select - Select points in an flux/mag vs. rms like diagram Package: timeseries Description: Select points in an rms vs. flux like diagram. Bin the flux/mag vs. rms diagram by flux bins or by constant

runmean - Running mean of un-evenly spaced time series Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the runing mean of an unevenly spaced time series with different weight functions and weight schemes.

runmean1 - Running mean on equally spaced 1-D vector Package: timeseries Description: running mean on a 1-D vector.

sf_interp - sf_interp function                                            timeseries Description: Interpolate a time series, and estimate the errors due to the interpolation using the structure function

simulated_elc - Simulated photons light curve Package: timeseries Description: Given a model light curve, generate a list of time-tagged events that their rate follows the model light curve.

specwin - Power spectrum window (use timeseries.period instead) Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the spectral window of a time series. OBSOLOETE: Use timeseries.period instead

stdfilt1 - Standart deviation filter Package: timeseries Description: One dimensional StD filter.

subtract_back1d - subtract_back1d function                                             General Description: Subtract background level from a 1-D vector.

sysrem - Apply the Tamuz et al. sysrem decomposition to a matrix of residuals Package: timeseries Description: Given a matrix of residuals (R_ij), of star i in image j, iteratively decompose the matrix by minimizing

taper - Generate a taper function Package: timeseries Description: Generate a taper function for a timeseries. Taper function is a weight/window function in the time domain.

xcorr - Calculate the \chi2 and cross correlation between two time series. Package: timeseries Description: Calculate the \chi2 and cross correlation between two time series.

