Package: tools.cell

cell2_equal - Check if two cell array have an identical content Package: Util.cell Description: Given two cell array containing string or numeric, compare the content of the two cells element by element.

cell2mat_nan - Convert numeric cell to matrix. Replace empty cells with NaNs. Package: tools.cell Description: Convert a numeric only cell array to matrix. Replace empty cells by NaN.

cell_equal - Compare the content of a cell array to its first cell. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell array of strings or numbers, compare the value of all the cells to the first cell and check if they are equal.

cell_find_groups - Find all cell lines with identical values, and return indices of groups. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell array, find all lines with identical values. Each such line defines a group.

cell_insert - Insert elements within a cell array. Package: Util.cell Description: Insert elements within a cell array.

cell_sprintf - sprintf on content in cell array Pacakfe: Util.cell Description: sprintf into strings in a cell array.

cellstr2num_dictionary - Given a cell array of strings, repace unique strings by numeric index Package: Util.cell Description: Concert a cell array of strings to a vector of numeric indices. Each numeric index represent a unique string. Also returns a dictionary that translate the string name to

cellstr_prefix - Add a prefix to all the strings in a char array. Package: Util.cell Description: Add a prefix to all the strings in a char array.

group_cellstr - Find and group distinct values in a cell array. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell array of strings create a cell array of indices of distinct strings (see example).

ind_cell - Select indices of vectors in cell array of vectors. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell vector in which each element contains a vector of the same length and a vecor of indices, return a new cell array of the same size in which each element

isempty_cell - Check if each cell element is empty. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell array, return a matrix of flags indicating if each one of the cells is empty.

isnan_cell - Check if cell elemt is NaN. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell array, return a matrix of flags indicating if each one of the cells is nan.

remove_cell_element - Remove a list of indices from a cell vector. Package: Util.cell Description: Remove a list of indices from a cell vector.

sort_numeric_cell - sort each row or columns in a cell array of numbers. Package: Util.cell Description: sort each row or columns in a cell array of numbers. see also: sortrows_numeric_cell.m

sprintf2cell - Generate a cell array of string using sprintf. Package: Util.cell Description: Generate a cell array of strings using the sprintf function, where the sprintf arguments, per string in cell is taken from a row in a matrix.

strNameDict2ind - Search the first appearance of string in dictionary in another cell.

unique_cell_grouping - Find unique lines in the cell matrix. Package: Util.cell Description: Given a cell matrix containing eithr strings or numeric values, find unique lines in the cell matrix.

