Package: tools.struct

isfield_check - If field exist run a function of fiel. Package: Util.struct Description: Check if a field name exist in structure, run a function on the field content and return the function output.

isfield_notempty - Check if field exist and not empty Package: Util.struct Description: Check if a field exist in a structure and if it is not empty.

mergeStruct - Merge two structures (unique fields)

mergeStructArray - Merge each field in a structure array into the same field in a single element structure. The merging is done along the first dimension.

reshapeFields - Reshape all fields which have a consistent size Given a NewSize vector, the program will search fields in which their first dimension length is equal to prod(NewSize), and will reshape these fields intwo [NewSize, additionl_dim]

sort_struct - Sort all the elements in a structure by one fields in the structure. Package: Util.struct Description: Sort in ascending order all the elements in a structure by one fields in the structure.

struct2keyval - Convert a structure into a cell array of key,val,... Package: +tools.struct

struct2keyvalcell - Structure field name and content to cell array of key,val pairs Package: Util.struct Description: Given a structure convert the field names and their values to a cell array of ...,key,val,... arguments.

struct2varargin - Structure field name and content to cell array of key,val pairs Package: Util.struct Description: Given a structure, prepare a cell array of all the field_names, field_values,...

struct_def - Define a structure array of a specific size with fields. Package: Util.struct Description: Define a structure array of a specific size with fields specified in a cell array of names.

structcon - Concatenate two structures into one. Package: Util.struct Description: Concatenate two structures into one. Example: S1.A S1.B, and S2.A, S2.B:

structcut - Select elements in structure fields by indices. Pacakage: Util.struct - structcut function                                                General

