Package: www

cgibin_parse_query_str - Break a URL parameters query string to parameter names and values. Package: www Description: Break a URL parameters query string to parameter names and values.

find_urls - Read the URL content and extract all the links within the URL Package: www Description: Given a URL, read the URL content and extract all the links within the URL and return a cell array of all the links. Optionaly, the program can filter URL using regular

find_urls_ftp - Find files in a FTP link Package: www Description: Make a list of files in an FTP link.

ftp_dir_list - Return files URLs from FTP containing a file listing. Package: www Description: Given an FTP URL that contains only a file listing, return a cell array of all the files URLs.

html_page - Create an HTML file Package: www Description: Create an HTML file. The file contains the necessery header and footer and a supplied content.

html_table - Create an HTML table Package: www Description: Given a matlab matrix or cell array create an html page with the matrix in an html table.

mwget - A wrapper around the wget command Package: www Description: A wrapper around the wget command. Retrieve a URL using the wget command. OBSOLETE: Use www.pwget instead.

parse_html_table - Parse columns from an HTML table into matlab Package: www Description: Parse columns from an HTML table into matlab. The program can not parse tables with colspan parameter different than 1.

parse_html_table_old - Parse columns from an HTML table into matlab Package: www Description: Parse columns from an HTML table into matlab. The program can not parse tables with colspan parameter different than 1.

pwget - Parallel wget to retrieve multiple files simultanously Package: www Description: Parallel wget function designed to retrieve multiple files using parallel wget commands. If fast communication is available, running several wget

r_files_url - Recursively get links to all files in www directory list. Package: www Description: Recursively get links to all files in www directory list. Given a URL that contains a directory tree with files, get the links to all file names in the directory tree.

rftpget - Recursively retrieve the entire directory tree in an FTP site Package: www Description: A wrapper around the wget command designed to recursively retrieve the entire directory tree in an FTP site. See also: mwget.m, pwget.m, find_urls.m

url2url_key_val - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: www Description:

write_content_indexhtml - SHORT DESCRIPTION HERE Package: www Description:

